TEXT HERE ITALICS
TEXT HERE  UNDERLINE TEXT HERE. This text will appear over 6 seconds.
It’s a blue apple tree!
TEXT HERE
Word Title
TEXT HERE  BOLD TEXT HERE.
TEXT HERE  UNDERLINE TEXT HERE. This text will appear over 6 seconds.
Sur les playground, ici à Montpellier
It’s a blue  apple tree!
Where did he go?
I think he went down this lane.
What are you waiting for?
Hi, my name is Fred
Hi, I’m Bill
//Cue: A segment of text associated with specific start and end times during a video, designed to display as subtitles or captions.
//Setting: Parameters that dictate how a cue is displayed on screen, including alignment, position, and size, influencing the visual presentation of the text.
//Attribute: Additional identifiers or tags applied to cues or text elements to modify behavior or style, such as highlighting a cue as .important or .loud.
//Speaker Segment:
//TextElement: A block of text with optional element property and sub-TextElements
//Element: A parameter that modifies text with an optional value and optional attributes
//settingPattern  should be list of "setting","value"
//the curly braces semicolons and parenthesis can be anywhere